cool pioneer
quite a while I did not gleam but there is
a business
a birdie brought to me on the tail that someone
trample on my meadow
Th fear if the door already lost and not
forgot about irons and soldering irons
Well I behaved humanely but apparently
it's time to shake old
drum someone official mentor huckster
oilman you come and buy land
cruiser because kruzak is a synonym
wealth because the cargo as a success
rozog is power and on how much you
cool will depend only year of manufacture
your cruiser does not prove anything already
I do not need it myself already a long time ago all
proved I can everywhere we are with you
meet tomorrow tomorrow no matter the land
round and you will have only two ways
either driving or cowardly side
Kruzak decides everywhere and always above only
stars
leave a whim for celebrity and me
really put at least you in a coat even you
you will not freeze and you wait
me just so fashionable tsatskami
let the girls run and we have others
horizons other work you choose
it's not what you want but what are you
you can and I know how to do you
it remains only to agree cameras by
hung too I fellini
chop fake questions and you all
childhood spent on the golden pot hunting
luxury is shallow for you british already
see how you park
bentley to the vacant place at the garbage
where are you from there mitino Golyanovo cow
Degunino
but we are also not going over the bow
We are working for a long time his business to know any
lantern what to do any work on the shoulder
I can even like a bodyguard wanted
the driver you want on the chair and you want
bag
I do my business and how and to whom
gasoline or diesel matter
30,000 save decided toilet paper
cheaper to buy and I do not care, I'm all
digested the main thing in due quantity in
the main thing is that those who managed to
ate
but do not make me angry
get the hell you stop
I have not liked restrictions since childhood to know
they do not know the limiter in Russia
only one criminal code
yes this does not always work all
the rest is just a matter of money and countrymen n
pass that all these restrictions
chuckles
on the narrow paths of this life I occupy
all the ski trails give in and not intend to
wait as he moved and will
move
these your course changes do not bother me
my vector is only forward from childhood pledge
so that there in their homeland did not come up
I myself choose how not to move my motto
quiet and smooth running haste
only needed when catching fleas where would we
nor floated
I always floated 1st to the copper pipes
from the Kremlin pavement to
near Moscow forest does not scare me
genetics such a memoir to write with us is not
accepted but I remember the traditions of ancestors
this is me the edge do not shy away from dirty work
I can still on you mineral
yes I am any turf I am 200
let's be frank years pass
and so all the old things guys
childhood asserted they say before you open
all doors
ideas take heresies all are born different
the possibility of all is also different
do you think it is necessary between the legs crawl
or on their heads go to thy
that the doors need to be opened
plow whether you want it or not survives
strongest is an evolution old man is
darwin okay live as you like with us
democracy say do what you want as
born hard worker hard worker from live
it's up to you
brothers but you can still do something
simple, this is my place !